LICENSE AGREEMENT
(AMD CORE MATH LIBRARY)

IMPORTANT—READ CAREFULLY:  This is a legal agreement (“Agreement”) between you (“Licensee”) and 
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (“AMD”). Licensee’s use of this AMD CORE MATH LIBRARY, (“ACML”) 
including (a) Documentation; (b) Sample Code; (c) header files, tools and utilities; (d) Libraries; and (e) 
Script Files, as listed in Schedule A, and updates thereto (collectively, “Licensed Materials”), are subject to the 
following terms and conditions. Do not use these Licensed Materials until you, as Licensee, have carefully read 
the following terms and conditions.   Note that these Licensed Materials are AMD Confidential Information and 
may not be shared with any third party except as expressly provided below. 
By downloading or using the Licensed Materials obtained herewith, you, as Licensee, are expressly agreeing to 
all of the following terms: 
WARRANTIES, SUPPORT, RIGHTS, AND DAMAGES ARE DISCLAIMED AND/OR LIMITED BELOW, PLEASE READ 
ENTIRELY AND CAREFULLY.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT 
DOWNLOAD OR USE THE LICENSED MATERIALS OR ANY PORTION THEREOF.  DOWNLOADING OR USING THE 
LICENSED MATERIALS OR ANY PORTION THEREOF CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.


1.	DEFINITIONS.
 
1.1 	“Derivative Works” means any work, revision, modification or adaptation made to or derived from 
the Sample Code or Script Files, or any work that incorporates the Sample Code or Script Files, in whole or in 
part. 

1.2	“Documentation” means documentation, associated, included, or provided in connection with the 
Licensed Materials, or any portion thereof, including but not limited to information provided online, 
electronically, or bundled with the installer.

1.3	“Free Software License” means an open source or other license that requires, as a condition of use, 
modification or distribution, that any resulting software must be (a) disclosed or distributed in source code 
form; (b) licensed for the purpose of making derivative works; or (c) redistributable at no charge. 

1.4	“Intellectual Property Rights” means all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, mask 
works, and all related, similar, or other intellectual property rights recognized in any jurisdiction worldwide, 
including all applications and registrations with respect thereto. 

1.5	“Libraries” means library files in the Licensed Materials that may be statically or dynamically linked 
into Licensee’s Software. 
 
1.6	“Licensed Purpose” means the creation of Licensee Software that works with AMD hardware 
products. 

1.7	“Licensee Software” means any software developed or modified by Licensee using the Licensed 
Materials, and which may include any Libraries, Script Files and/or Derivative Works.

1.8	“Object Code” means the machine readable form of the Licensed Software (as opposed to the human 
readable form of computer programming code) created by or for Licensee by compiling the Source Code, or as 
delivered by AMD, including the object code version of any Derivative Work.

1.9	“Sample Code” means Source Code identified within ACML as sample code.

1.10	“Script Files” means a file containing a sequence of commands and definitions which are interpreted 
at runtime and are included as part of the deliverables in the Licensed Materials.

1.11	“Source Code” means computer programming code in the human readable form and related system 
level documentation, including all associated comments, symbols and any procedural code such as job control 
language. 

2.		LICENSE.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, AMD hereby grants Licensee a non-
exclusive, royalty-free, revocable, non-transferable, non-assignable limited copyright license solely for the 
Licensed Purpose, to:

	a)	install, use and copy the Licensed Materials solely for internal use for the Licensed Purpose; 
	b)	create Derivative Works solely for internal use for the Licensed Purpose; and 
	c)	distribute and sublicense Libraries only in Object Code, Sample Code, Derivative Works, and Script 
Files in Object Code or in Source Code, as incorporated in, or packaged with, Licensee Software to 
customers and end users (collectively, “Distribution Channel”) for use with AMD processors and 
subject to an end user license agreement that meets the requirements in Section 3 herein.  Such 
distribution may be made through multiple tiers of distribution.

Notwithstanding the above, any portions of the Source Code or Object Code that are subject to a Free 
Software License are licensed under such Free Software License.

3.		END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT. Distribution of Licensee Software by Licensee and its Distribution 
Channel will be pursuant to an enforceable end user license agreement (“End User License Agreement”) with 
terms and conditions that at a minimum are substantially similar to those set forth in Sections 4, 11, 12 and 
14 herein and the following: (a) prohibition on transfer or duplication of the Licensee Software (except for 
reasonable backup); (b) prohibitions on reverse engineering, disassembly or de-compilation of  Licensee 
Software; (c) disclaimer of warranties and limitation of AMD’s liability having terms at least as protective as 
those set forth in Section 11 herein; (d) requirement that the end user comply fully with all relevant export 
laws and regulations of the United States and other applicable export and import laws; and (e) AMD is a third 
party beneficiary of all End User License Agreements.  Notwithstanding the above, any portions of the Source 
Code or Object Code that are subject to a Free Software License are licensed under such Free Software 
License.

4.	RESTRICTIONS.  Except for the limited copyright license expressly granted in Section 2 herein, 
Licensee has no other rights in the Licensed Materials, whether express, implied, arising by estoppel or 
otherwise.  Further restrictions regarding Licensee’s use of the Licensed Materials are set forth below.  Except 
as expressly authorized herein, Licensee may not: 	

a)	modify or create derivative works of the Licensed Materials;
b)	distribute, publish, display, sublicense, assign or otherwise transfer the Licensed Materials;
c)	decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Licensed Materials in Object Code 
to a human-perceivable form (except as expressly allowed by applicable law but then only to the 
limited extent of such law); 
d)	alter or remove any copyright, trademark or patent notice(s) in the Licensed Materials;
e)	use the Licensed Materials to: (i) develop inventions directly derived from Confidential Information to 
seek patent protection; (ii) assist in the analysis of Licensee’s patents and patent applications; or (iii) 
modify Licensee’s existing patents or patent applications; or
f)	use the Licensed Materials in way that requires that the Licensed Materials or any portion thereof be 
licensed under a Free Software License.

5.	THIRD PARTY MATERIALS.  Together with the Licensed Materials, AMD may include third party 
technologies (e.g. third party libraries) for which Licensee must obtain licenses from parties other than AMD.  
Licensee agrees that AMD has not obtained or conveyed to Licensee, and that Licensee shall be responsible for 
obtaining, Intellectual Property Rights to use and/or distribute the applicable, underlying Intellectual Property 
Rights related to the third party technologies.  These third party technologies are not licensed as part of the 
Licensed Materials and are not licensed under this Agreement.  

6.	NOTICE REGARDING STANDARDS.  AMD does not provide a license or sublicense to any 
Intellectual Property Rights relating to any standards, including but not limited to any audio and/or video 
codec technologies such as MPEG-2, MPEG-3, MPEG-4; AVC/H.264; VC-1; and MP3 (collectively, the “Media 
Technologies”). For clarity, Licensee will pay any royalties due for such third party technologies, which may 
include the Media Technologies that are owed as a result of AMD providing the Licensed Materials to Licensee.  

7.	OTHER AMD SOFTWARE COMPONENTS.  The Licensed Materials may be accompanied by AMD 
software components (e.g. libraries, sample code) which are licensed to Licensee under the terms and 
conditions of their respective licenses located in the directory with the software component.

8.	OWNERSHIP.  The Licensed Materials including all Intellectual Property Rights therein are and remain 
the sole and exclusive property of AMD or its licensors, and Licensee shall have no right, title or interest therein 
except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

9.	FEEDBACK.  Licensee has no obligation to give AMD any suggestions, comments or other feedback 
(“Feedback”) relating to the Licensed Materials.  However, AMD may use and include any Feedback that it 
receives from Licensee to improve the Licensed Materials or other AMD products, software and technologies.  
Accordingly, for any Feedback Licensee provides to AMD, Licensee grants AMD and its affiliates and 
subsidiaries a worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid up, perpetual license to, directly 
or indirectly, use, reproduce, license, sublicense, distribute, make, have made, sell and otherwise 
commercialize the Feedback in the Licensed Materials or other AMD products, software and technologies.  
Licensee further agrees not to provide any Feedback that (a) Licensee knows is subject to any Intellectual 
Property Rights of any third party or (b) is subject to license terms which seek to require any products 
incorporating or derived from such Feedback, or other AMD Intellectual Property, to be licensed to or 
otherwise shared with any third party.

10.	SUPPORT AND UPDATES.  AMD is under no obligation to provide any kind of support under this 
Agreement.  AMD may, in its sole discretion, provide to Licensee updates to the Licensed Materials, and such 
updates will be covered as Licensed Materials under this Agreement.  

11.	WARRANTY DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION.
11.1	 Disclaimer OF Warranty. THE LICENSED MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY 
OF ANY KIND.  AMD DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, 
TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, THAT THE LICENSED MATERIALS WILL RUN UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE 
OR THOSE ARISING FROM CUSTOM OF TRADE OR COURSE OF USAGE.  THE ENTIRE RISK ASSOCIATED WITH 
THE USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS IS ASSUMED BY LICENSEE.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the 
exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to Licensee. 

11.2	Limitation of Liability.  AMD AND ITS LICENSORS WILL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE 
LIABLE TO LICENSEE FOR ANY PUNITIVE, DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES ARISING FROM USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS OR THIS AGREEMENT EVEN IF AMD AND ITS 
LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  In no event shall AMD's total 
liability to Licensee for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including 
negligence) or otherwise) exceed the amount of $100 USD.  

11.3	Indemnification.  Licensee agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless AMD and its licensors, 
and any of their directors, officers, employees, affiliates or agents from and against any and all loss, damage, 
liability and other expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), resulting from a) Licensee’s use, 
distribution or sublicense of the Licensed Materials, b)  violation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement 
by Licensee or any sublicensee, or c) for failure by Licensee to obtain and comply with third party licenses that 
may be required pursuant to Sections 5 and 6 herein.  

12.	CONFIDENTIALITY. Licensee shall protect the Licensed Materials and any information related 
thereto (collectively, “Confidential Information”) by using the same degree of care, but no less than a 
reasonable degree of care, to prevent the unauthorized use, dissemination or publication of the Confidential 
Information as Licensee uses to protect its own confidential information of a like nature.   Licensee shall not 
disclose any Confidential Information disclosed hereunder to any third party and shall limit disclosure of 
Confidential Information to only those of its employees and contractors with a need to know and who are 
bound by confidentiality obligations with Licensee at least as restrictive as those contained in this Agreement.  
Licensee shall be responsible for its employees and contractors adherence to the terms of this Agreement.  
Licensee may disclose Confidential Information in accordance with a judicial or other governmental order, 
provided that Licensee either (a) gives AMD reasonable notice prior to such disclosure to allow AMD a reasonable 
opportunity to seek a protective order or equivalent or (b) obtains written assurance from the applicable judicial 
or governmental entity that it will afford the Confidential Information the highest level of protection afforded 
under applicable law or regulation. 

13.	TERMINATION AND SURVIVAL. AMD may terminate the Agreement immediately upon the breach 
by Licensee or any sublicensee of any of the terms of the Agreement. Licensee may terminate the Agreement 
upon written notice to AMD and destruction of the Licensed Materials Licensee accessed hereunder.  The 
termination of this Agreement shall: (i) immediately result in the termination of all rights granted by Licensee 
to distribute the Licensed Materials and Derivative Works through multiple tiers of distribution under Section 
2; and (ii) have no effect on any sublicenses previously granted by Licensee to end users under Section 2(c) 
and which are compliant with all terms and conditions of this Agreement, which sublicenses shall survive in 
accordance with their terms. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Licensee will cease using and 
destroy or return to AMD all copies of the Confidential Information, including but not limited to the Licensed 
Materials. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, all provisions survive except for Section 2.

14.	EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  Licensee shall adhere to all applicable U.S., European, and other export 
laws, including but not limited to the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) (15 C.F.R Sections 730-
774), and E.U. Council Regulation (EC) No 428/2009 of 5 May 2009.  Further, pursuant to Section 740.6 of 
the EAR, Licensee hereby certifies that, except pursuant to a license granted by the United States Department 
of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security or as otherwise permitted pursuant to a License Exception 
under the EAR, Licensee will not (1) export, re-export or release to a national of a country in Country Groups 
D:1, E:1 or E:2 any restricted technology, software, or source code it receives from AMD, or (2) export to 
Country Groups D:1, E:1 or E:2 the direct product of such technology or software, if such foreign produced 
direct product is subject to national security controls as identified on the Commerce Control List (currently 
found in Supplement 1 to Part 774 of EAR).  For the most current Country Group listings, or for additional 
information about the EAR or Licensee’s obligations under those regulations, please refer to the U.S. Bureau of 
Industry and Security’s website at http://www.bis.doc.gov/.  

15.	GOVERNMENT END USERS. The Licensed Materials are provided with “RESTRICTED RIGHTS.”  Use, 
duplication or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in FAR 52.227-14 and DFAR 
252.227-7013, et seq., or its successor.  Use of the Licensed Materials by the Government constitutes 
acknowledgment of AMD’s proprietary rights in it.
 
16.	GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement is made under and shall be construed according to the laws of 
the State of Texas, excluding conflicts of law rules.  Each party submits to the jurisdiction of the state and 
federal courts of Travis County and the Western District of Texas for the purposes of this Agreement.  
Licensee acknowledges that Licensee’s breach of this Agreement may cause irreparable damage and Licensee 
agrees that AMD shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief under this Agreement, as well as such further relief 
as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction.

17. 	GENERAL PROVISIONS.  Licensee may not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent 
of AMD and any assignment without such consent will be null and void.  The Parties do not intend that any 
agency or partnership relationship be created between them by this Agreement.  Each provision of this 
Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law.  However, 
in the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared unenforceable by any court of 
competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed deleted and the remainder of this Agreement shall 
remain in full force and effect.  

18. 	ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between 
the Parties with respect to the Licensed Materials and supersedes and merges all prior oral and written 
agreements, discussions and understandings between them regarding the subject matter of this Agreement.  
No waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement shall be binding unless made in writing and 
signed by an authorized representative of each Party.

Schedule A

(a)	Documentation: All files in Doc directory and the ReleaseNotes files
(b)	Sample Source: All files in examples directory and its subdirectories
(c)	Tools: All files in util directory
(d)	Libraries: libacml_dll.lib libacml_mp_dll.lib acml_fftw.lib libacml_dll.dll libacml_mp_dll.dll
acml_bridge.dll acml_fftw.dll acml_script.dll libacml.so libacml_mp.so libacml_bridge.so
libacml_fftw.so libacml_script.so
(e)	Script Files:  All files in lib/resources directory and its subdirectories



******************************
ACML uses the following software with their corresponding licenses printed below:
******************************
******************************
'Lua' software http://www.lua.org/home.html

Copyright (C) 1994-2013 Lua.org, PUC-Rio.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

******************************
******************************
Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

******************************
******************************
'clMathLibraries' software https://github.com/clMathLibraries


Portions of the clMath code taken from the ‘clmath Libraries’ software that are unmodified by AMD are licensed 
under the Apache License Version 2.0. The unmodified source code can be found at 
https://github.com/clMathLibraries/clFFT/commits/develop with the commit ID of 
87c9f4db9b7ff53e31741f7ea19a5b8454dd2985.


A copy of the Apache License Version 2.0 is listed below.


Apache License, Version 2.0

Version 2.0, January 2004

http://www.apache.org/licenses/

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 
through 9 of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the 
License.

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or 
are under common control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the 
power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or 
otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial 
ownership of such entity.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software 
source code, documentation source, and configuration files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, 
including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other 
media types.

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the 
License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is 
provided in the Appendix below).

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) 
the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, 
as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not 
include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work 
and Derivative Works thereof.

"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any 
modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to 
Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to 
submit on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form 
of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but 
not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking 
systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving 
the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing 
by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has 
been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby 
grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license 
to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute 
the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants 
to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this 
section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the 
Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are 
necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the 
Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent litigation against any entity 
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated 
within the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to 
You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any 
medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the 
following conditions:

You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License; and
You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files; and
You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, 
trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not 
pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and
If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You 
distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, 
excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the 
following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source 
form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the 
Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of the NOTICE 
file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution 
notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from 
the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License. 

You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional or different 
license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such 
Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise 
complies with the conditions stated in this License.
5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted 
for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, 
without any additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or 
modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such 
Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or 
product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the 
origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the 
Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR 
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or 
conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and 
assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), 
contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or 
agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, 
special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of 
the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work 
stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if 
such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You 
may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability 
obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act 
only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if 
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims 
asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

