ALGODOO PHUN EDITION PUBLIC BETA LICENSE

This is to keep our legal advicers happy. Read these terms carefully before installing this software. By installing this software, you acknowledge that you have read this license agreement, that you understood it, and that you agree to be bound by its terms. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this license agreement, you should cancel the installation of the software.

Algodoo is commercial software owned by Algoryx Simulation AB. Subject to the terms below, you are hereby licensed by Algoryx Simulation AB to use this single copy of Algodoo Phun Edition Public for beta testing, evalution. The license is restricted to personal, individual use. Professional or commercial use of the software requires a full commercial license of the full Algodoo product and can be purchased from Algoryx Simulation AB, or from a reseller auhtorized by Algoryx Simulation AB. Refer to http://www.algoryx.se/algodoo for information about license pricing, multi-user licensing, ordering and delivery. 

Please note that Algodoo Phun Edition is public beta software, i.e. a public pre release of the full Algodoo product. Algoryx Simulation AB does not provide service or support for Algodoo Phun Edition.

The full Algodoo product comes with service and support, lecture and instructional material, additional features, such as visualization of forces and velocities, optics, snap-to-grid, built-in video recording, webcam support, texture-to-geometry conversion, and much more. The full Algodoo product is also powered with Algoryx AgX leading simulation technologies for improved performance, realism and stability.

The software is provided as is, without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement of third party rights. In no event shall the authors or copyright holders, Algoryx Simulation AB, be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.

Have phun!