KASH can be copied and distributed freely for any non-commercial purpose.

If you copy KASH for somebody else, you may ask this person to refund your expenses. This should cover cost of media, copying and shipping. You are not allowed to ask for more than this. In any case you must give a copy of this copyright notice along with the program.

If you obtain KASH please send us a short notice to that effect, e.g., an e-mail message to the address kant@math.tu-berlin.de containing your full name and address. This allows us to keep track of the number of KASH users.

If you publish a mathematical result that was partly obtained using KASH, please cite

    M. Daberkow, C. Fieker, J. Klüners, M. Pohst, K. Roegner and K. Wildanger: KANT V4, in J. Symbolic Comp. 24 (1997), 267-283. 

Also we would appreciate it if you could inform us about such a paper.

You are permitted to modify and redistribute KASH, but you are not allowed to restrict further redistribution. That is to say proprietary modifications will not be allowed. We want all versions of KASH to remain free. If you modify any part of KASH and redistribute it, you must supply a `README' document. This should specify what modifications you made in which files. We do not want to take credit or be blamed for your modifications.

Of course we are interested in all of your modifications. In particular we would like to see bug-fixes, improvements and new functions. So again we would appreciate it if you would inform us about all modifications you make.

KASH is distributed by us without any warranty, to the extent permitted by applicable state law. We distribute KASH *as is* without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the program is with you. Should KASH prove defective, you assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. In no case unless required by applicable law will we, and/or any other party who may modify and redistribute KASH as permitted above, be liable to you for damages, including lost profits, lost monies or other special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use KASH.
