TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING,
DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
1. This software is the copyright of
THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT AUSTIN, 2005.

2. The software is available under multiple licenses.

3. For non commercial educational and non commercial academic use,
the software including source code, interface definitions and compile
scripts are freely available. Any distribution of code, library
or executables which contains any modules from this software should
contain, conspicously and appropriately, on each copy, this copyright
and license notice and should be freely distributed.

4. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free programs
whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these, write to the
author to ask for permission. For software which is copyrighted by the
Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation.

5. For any other purpose, including commercial purposes,
please contact The University of  Texas at Austin for a different license.

6. Credits:

This software has been developed at the Computational and
Visualization center under

    Dr Chandrajit Bajaj,
    Computational Applied Mathematics Chair in Visualization,
    Professor of Computer Sciences,
    Director of Center for Computational Visualization,
    Department of Computer Sciences &
    The Institute of Computational Engineering and Sciences,
     Center for Computational Visualization,
    201 East 24th Street, ACES 2.324A,
    1 University Station, C0200,
    Austin, TX 78712-0027.

We request that you agree to acknowledge the use of the software that
results in any published work, including scientific papers, films and
videotapes by citing the references listed below

For UTblur:

C. Bajaj, V. Siddavanahalli
Fast Feature Adaptive Surfaces and Derivatives Computation for
Volumetric Particle Data
ICES and CS technical reports, The University of Texas at Austin, 2005.

For UTisocontour:

C. Bajaj, V. Pascucci, D. Schikore
Accelerated IsoContouring of Scalar Fields
Data Visualization Techniques, edited by C. Bajaj, John Wiley and Sons (1998).

C. Bajaj, V. Pascucci, D. Schikore
Fast Isocontouring for Improved Interactivity
Proceedings: ACM Siggraph/IEEE Symposium on Volume Visualization,
ACM Press, (1996), San Francisco, CA. Pages: 39-46 99

For UTmesh:

Y. Zhang, C. Bajaj
Adaptive and Quality Quadrilateral/Hexahedral Meshing from
Volumetric Data Computer Methods in Applied Mechanics
and Engineering (CMAME), in press, 2005.

Y. Zhang, C. Bajaj, B-S. Sohn
3D Finite Element Meshing from Imaging Data
The special issue of Computer Methods in Applied Mechanics and
Engineering (CMAME) on Unstructured
Mesh Generation, 194(48-49):5083-5106, 2005.

For UTsdf:

C. Bajaj, V. Siddavanahalli
An Adaptive Grid Based Method for Computing Molecular Surfaces
and Properties ICES and CS Technical Reports,
The University of Texas at Austin, 2005.

For UTvolrend:

C. Bajaj, Z. Yu, M. Auer
Volumetric Feature Extraction and Visualization of Tomographic
Molecular Imaging. Journal of Structural Biology,
Volume 144, Issues 1-2, October 2003, Pages 132-143

For UTmolderivatives:

C. Bajaj, V. Siddavanahalli
Fast Feature Adaptive Surfaces and Derivatives Computation for Volumetric
Particle Data ICES and CS Technical Reports,
The University of Texas at Austin, 2005.

7. No warranty

7a. Because the library is licensed free of charge, there is no warranty
for the library, to the extent permitted by applicable law. except when
otherwise stated in writing the copyright holders and/or other parties
provide the library "as is" without warranty of any kind, either
expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties
of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. the entire risk as
to the quality and performance of the library is with you. should the library
prove defective, you assume the cost of all necessary servicing,
repair or correction.

7b. In no event unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing
will any copyright holder, or any other party who may modify and/or
redistribute the library as permitted above, be liable to you for damages,
including any general, special, incidental or consequential damages
arising out of the use or inability to use the library (including but
not limited to loss of data or data being rendered inaccurate or
losses sustained by you or third parties or a failure of the
library to operate with any other software), even if such holder
or other party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.